README.md, before:

# check_score

python MPA5.py <input> will measure the score for input files:

If not argument is provided the script will run 4 benchmark examples:

1. submit_top5.txt (top hotel_clusters in the trainig samples)
2. submit_random5.txt (random integers organized in the right output format)
3. submit_perfect1.txt (perfect hotel_cluster prediction in the first position)
4. submit_perfect2.txt (perfect hotel_cluster prediction in the second position)

This is the output of the script
~/d/kaggle/check_score$ python MPA5.py 
true file:int_hc.txt
Benchmarks:
for Top 5: 0.053853
for Random: 0.0220808333333
for Perfect1: 1.0
for Perfect2: 0.5

This is what we get from the Public Score
Random Guess Benchmark	0.02260
Most Frequent Benchmark	0.05949

The analog file to test.csv is thistest.csv (these 100k lines are the ones you should run with your algorithm and produce an output file like: submit_XXX.csv)

Once you have produce your file you can measure the efficiency by:
python MPA5.py submit_XXX.csv

Commit message:

adding the true as input argument

README.md, after:

# check_score

python MPA5.py int_hc.txt will measure the score for input files:

The first argument is the file with the true hotel clusters (id hotel_cluster)

If not extra-argumens are provided the script will run 4 benchmark examples:

1. submit_top5.txt (top hotel_clusters in the trainig samples)
2. submit_random5.txt (random integers organized in the right output format)
3. submit_perfect1.txt (perfect hotel_cluster prediction in the first position)
4. submit_perfect2.txt (perfect hotel_cluster prediction in the second position)

This is the output of the script when int_hc.txt as true file is used
~/d/kaggle/check_score$ python MPA5.py 
true file:int_hc.txt
Benchmarks:
for Top 5: 0.053853
for Random: 0.0220808333333
for Perfect1: 1.0
for Perfect2: 0.5

This is what we get from the Public Score
Random Guess Benchmark	0.02260
Most Frequent Benchmark	0.05949

The analog file to test.csv is thistest.csv (these 100k lines are the ones you should run with your algorithm and produce an output file like: submit_XXX.csv)

Once you have produce your file you can measure the efficiency by:
python MPA5.py submit_XXX.csv
